Yuma: Last time
on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal
CATHY: Yuma!
Cat!?
you have to do something!
It's Tori and the others, they!
They what? Cat!
FORTUNO: Cat cannot hear
you right now.
Wha?!
my name is fortuno. I am a seer
of all things and I bring to you
a message on behalf
of my master, Kite.
Kite?
We have your friends, yuma, if
you want to see them again, you
must come to my
mansion and duel me.
I xyz summon,
number 16: Shock master
that thing is freaky looking!
Shock master take
out gogogo golem!
Your friends' safety depends
on you. The more life
points you lose, the
more the rock on
Which they stand will crumble.
Not cool!
Astral: This trembling in my
spirit, I think I now understand
what it means to be afraid.
[♪...]
♪ as life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ down and down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams from dieing ♪
♪ I hi-Five the skys ♪
♪ spread my wings say
got this time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe...♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future is
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breathe my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'm taking a chance today ♪
Ha ha! I see the end! You're
kneeling before me!
You're admitting defeat and
you're begging me to
release your little friends!
Ah, bronk Tori
TORI: Yuma
don't worry guys. I can do this.
Come on, you gotta win.
This feeling I have, like I
cannot move, I felt it for the
first time during our duel with
Kite, I now understand that I am
afraid. This is
fear I am feeling
So if this is being afraid. How
do I make it stop?
Astral! Hey - Astral!
Quit your daydreaming! In case
ya' hadn't noticed,
we're dueling.
I know. But you have
no monsters in your hand.
And due to shock master's
special ability,
you cannot use traps.
If you do not pull a monster
card on This next draw
it is over.
So then - All I
gotta do is draw a monster!
Here we go, I draw!
All right! But,
argh! It's kurivolt and it's
Only got 300 attack points
we can use it! Listen, you must
summon that monster
but, he can't really do
anything,
get it on the field.
You must trust me.
All right,
next, I summon, kurivolt!
Good work. Now your kurivolt can
use any overlay units in play
so that it can summon more
kurivolt tokens
to join it on your field.
Right now, the only monster with
overlay units is shock master.
I see what you're saying! With
Kurivolt's special ability
I can steal shock master's two
overlay units to summon two
kurivolt tokens on my field!
Gotcha!
Aw, yeah!
I got three on my field
now for the price of one!
Ah, but why rely on Such
miserable creatures?
Why not summon
something stronger?
I see
you hold no other
monsters in your hand!
You had no choice but to rely on
Those pitiful creatures did you?
Do not panic, yuma!
Use Voltage summon!
Okay,
I'm activating the
voltage summon spell card!
So why did I do that?
Because it allows you to
exchange each one of your
kurivolt tokens with any monster
from your deck that's
level 4-Or-Below!
Oh, yeah!
I tribute two kurivolt tokens.
And in their place, I
summon ganbara Knight and
kagetokage from my deck!
The downside is that voltage
summon leaves these two with no
attack points and
no defense points
but - that's no biggie
because it's overlay time!
With These two monsters, I
build the overlay
network and Xyz summon
number 39 - Utopia!
He was presented with an
overwhelming situation, and yet
he was able to shake his fear
and move forward, I must ask him
to teach me
how to do that.
So that's the number
card I'll be taking.
You wish!
Go, utopia, attack shock
master! Rising Sun slash!
Not only did I just mop the
floor with your number, I've
still got an attack left!
And since your field
is wide open, kurivolt
can attack you directly!
Just hang on, you guys! I'm
gonna get you outta there!
It's your move, side show!
Yuma, wait, place the
traps in your hand!
You cannot activate them yet,
but - Have them ready.
Oh, yeah - Excellent point! I
place two cards facedown and end
my turn!
All is not lost,
we may have a chance
what? What are you
laughing at, freak show?
I'm laughing at you.
And the fact that you still
believe that you have a chance!
It's my turn, I draw!
First things first, from my
hand, I summon rainbow shaman!
I should thank you, boy. By
summoning an xyz monster and
using it to clear my field,
you enabled me to call
this monster forth!
Yeah, well, you're welcome.
Zero attack points?
I activate the xyz plant spell
card and with it, I can
choose a monster and then my
plant Transforms into a monster
with the same level!
So now I have two rainbow
shaman on my field!
You turned a spell
card into a monster?
No!
And with that done, I now
overlay xyz plant
and rainbow shaman!
With These two monsters, I build
the overlay network,
I xyz summon
NUMBER 11: Big eye!
Another number!? you have got to
be kidding me!
And it is powerful.
Did you really think
that I only had one
number card at my disposal? You
naive fool! I have collected
dozens of numbers
for my master Kite!
Can Yuma really
defeat This guy!?
I really don't think so.
Try to stay focused. You still
have utopia.
Right, so we're all good.
Utopia can negate an attack by
Using an OVERLAY unit
so no matter how powerful the
monster, the attack
won't get through.
Except that I am about to
activate big eye's
special ability!
By Using one overlay Unit, big
eye can seize control of one of
your monsters!
I am afraid your precious
utopia will now become
my little puppet!
Ah, no!
Big eye - Seize his monster!.
go temptation glance!
Utopia!
This changes the situation.
Without our number
utopia! - You will
do my bidding!
Attack kurivolt, now!
We're all gonna fall!
Save us, yuma!
Your fate will be delayed a bit
more. For big eye cannot attack
on the turn it uses a xyz
special ability. So for now.
I place a facedown
and end my turn!
My turn! I draw!
Sweet!
Now I can summon a monster!
Dear boy, you haven't gone and
forgotten that I can see all
your cards, now, have
what!?
you just drew, a monster card!
So it's the perfect time for me
to activate my freezing
Dance trap CARD!
Beginning now, for the next two
turns, neither one of us can
summon a monster!
Without a monster, yuma's
just big eye bait waiting
to be obliterated!
Maybe
I guess I have to end my turn,
how unfortunate! Truly!
The end is here, boy. Tumble
into the depths of oblivion
along with your little friends!
Big eye attack him directly.
Yuma, the trap card!
Oh, yeah, right! I can use
traps again starting This
turn! I'm still in this!
I activate
nitwit outwit! By sending a
monster card in my hand to my
graveyard, it reduces the damage
I take equal to my monster's
attack points!
Dododo warrior!
I need your help!
If you think you've managed to
somehow avoid defeat,
think again!
Utopia attack!
Now would be a good time
to play the other trap!
Right! I activate the
xyz weight trap card!
Now an XYZ monster loses 800
attack points for every one of
it overlay units!
Oh no!
Gotcha
It's impressive that you were
able to survive two direct
attacks, but now I've got a
surprise for you,
the twilight dance spell card!
This spell prevents both
of us from summoning
monsters from our graveyards!
You're all out of
options now, boy.
Come on
your field is empty,
and, I have two powerful
monsters ready to do my bidding.
You cannot resist anymore! You
don't need a fortune teller to
tell you that you
have no chance!
Your move
this is, the end.
I'm sorry.
There is a way for you to save
them, it's the only way.
Surrender this duel. Accept
defeat. And relinquish your
number card to me and
to my master Kite.
If you do So, then I will let
your little friends go
seriously?
It's a good deal you're being
offered here. If you give
up on one little Lamb
you will be able to
save the entire flock.
I can't look!
Yuma
don't do it
don't do it, yuma!
No
why would you even hesitate!?
clearly, it is the best choice!
I told you that we
should not have come here
we have no chance of defeating
him, to keep Dueling would be to
doom your friends
there is only one thing
we can do now, yuma
we have lost, hand
over the number card.
But, if I surrender the duel,
then you'll, vanish.
You have to surrender your
number card, yuma, in order to
save your friends - You have to.
There's gotta be
another way, astral!
There is not.
My friends Have always been
there when I needed them
good times and bad times, ups
and downs - Through
thick and thin
I'm not just gonna
ditch my friends.
I know. That is why
I am saying you
you still don't get it, do you!?
I said - I won't abandon
any of my friends, astral, and
you're my friend!
If I surrender this duel, then
it's lights out for you.
Can that be True?
Yuma
Well?
Stop muttering to yourself over
there and tell me your decision!
You really think I'm just gonna
call it quits and give you
my number card? Guess you can't
see the future after all!
Ah! In that case, master Kite is
looking forward to watching me
win and adding your
soul to his collection!
What's with that, Kite? You're
making peons do your dirty work
now? What's wrong? Too
chicken to duel me yourself?
Uh, hey! How do I know that's
really Kite sitting up there?
It! What are you saying?
Of course it's Kite!
Oh, yeah? Let's see!
Cat's about to pounce!
A fake!?
so then, that was not Kite?
What have you? Do you realize
what you have done.
Ha ha ha, I knew something
didn't seem right.
I dueled Kite once. He seemed
like more of the lone Wolf type,
not the type who relies on
minions and underlings
to get things done.
You don't even know him, do you?
You phoney!
I was afraid of something that
was not even there?
Heh, I was kinda
freakin' out, too.
But then sometimes you just
gotta step up and feel the flow!
Know what I mean, Buddy?
Yes I do
I realize now fear is
not the only emotion I have
grown to understand, watching
yuma confront obstacles and rise
up to meet challenges, I
think I have also learned what
it means to "Hope."
Whoa!
What is that!?
look, guys
is that, astral?
Whoa, is that astral?!
yuma, win this.
You got it, pal! Get ready!
It's my turn - I draw!
The comeback spell card!
Use it, yuma! And
get utopia back!
on it! First up, I'm activating
the spell card comeback!
With this bad boy, I can regain
control of a
monster on your field!
Utopia - Come back!
No!
And now we can achieve victory!
The path has been made!
Path? - For what?!
for this, chaos number 39.
Chaos number?
By combining utopia with its
overlay units, utopia can
further evolve itself!
The time is now, yuma!
Go Chaos xyz
evolution!
Get ready for chaos
number 39!
I give you -- Utopia ray!
Where did all this
awesomeness come from!?
Yeah.
I did not see this transpiring!
Nevertheless - My big eye
is more powerful!
Not when utopia ray's special
ability activates! By Using an
overlay unit, it gains 500
attack points!
Right now, utopia ray has three
overlay units, which are all
about to be used!
Go overlay charge!
No, no!
And - For every overlay unit,
your monster loses one thousand
attack points.
That means!
It sure does!
Do it, utopia ray!
Attack Big eye!
Rising Sun chaos slash!
Uh-! huh?
Hey, you guys!
He sure is amazing!
Yeah, he's incredible!
He saved us!
Stupendous!
That was maybe the
coolest thing ever!
Why are you guys all about
astral right now?!
what about me!?
forget it, I'm going home!
Yuma!
Hang on!
Observation Number 13 - As long
as you have friends,
you have hope.
Sub-Observation, 13.A,
yuma is my friend.
Heh, heh, heh!
That mutton-Headed child thinks
he took all of my number cards
fortunately, I was wise enough
to keep my most
Precious number Card here
wha! It, it's you!
Kite! It's really you!
Master! - I've been watching
you. I think that
you're incredible!
I would give you anything
and everything!
Kite: Good to know. In that
case, I'll take that number, and
while we're at it,
I'll take your soul.
I thank you for your loyalty.